Initial version of the middleware chapter (#34)
djangsters/redis-tasks: docs/source/middleware.rst

The Middleware
==============

A middleware is a piece of code which is sitting between some kind of request 
and the actual code that is going to be executed and ``redis-tasks`` is no 
exception. Just before the actual running, the framework passes the task as first
class function to the middleware. That means the worker had processed the
information from the ``Queue`` already, gotten the task and its arguments and created a 
middleware instance. Then it calls a method of this instance with appropriate 

> information. You are left on your own when and how to run the task.

Reviewer: >You are left on your own when and how to run the task. 

This is a bit confusing

In the following example we've created a middleware for delaying the task 
execution:

.. code:: python

   import time

   class SleepMiddleware:
      def run_task(self, task, run, args, kwargs):
         time.sleep(1)
         run(*args, *kwargs)

You need to declare it as a plain python ``class`` and it must have method called 
``run_task``. The most important parameter here is ``run``. As we mentioned above the 
framework leaves the calling in your hands. You don't need to return anything since

> the returned result of the ``run_task`` is completely ignored. 

Reviewer 2: The middleware definition is a simple Python class, which must have a method called ``run_task``. The function takes two obligatory parameters - `task` and `run` which define respectively the name of the task and the reference to the function which should be executed. As can be seen, the code before the execution of the `run` call is what is of our interest.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The middleware definition is a simple Python class, which must have a method called run_task. The function takes two obligatory parameters - task and run which define respectively the name of the task and the reference to the function which should be executed. As can be seen, the code before the execution of the run call is what is of our interest.
```

If you want to use your custom middleware you need to include it into your 
``rt_settings``. Let's assume that your code lies in a file named `middleware.py`

> in the root directory of your project. You have to declare it like this:

Reviewer 2: In order to use the previously defined Middleware additional entries to the ``rt_settings.py`` file are necessary. It is a good practice to put the middleware definitions in a separate directory, e.g. `middleware`, Then the definition would be:

> If you want to use your custom middleware you need to include it into your 
> ``rt_settings``. Let's assume that your code lies in a file named `middleware.py`
> in the root directory of your project. You have to declare it like this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to use the previously defined Middleware additional entries to the rt_settings.py file are necessary. It is a good practice to put the middleware definitions in a separate directory, e.g. middleware, Then the definition would be:
```

.. code:: python

   MIDDLEWARE = [

>       "middleware.SleepMiddleware",

Reviewer: we should explain the order of middleware here

   ]

But wait, what if you want to do stuff right after the task is done? You use the
same approach as above but instead of declaring ``run_task`` method you name it 

> ``process_outcome``. In the example below we are sending a report via an email:

Reviewer 2: So the code after `run()` in the `run_task` method would not be executed? Maybe it should emphasized.

Reviewer 3: process_outcome is always run, regardless of exceptions etc.

.. code:: python

   import smtplib
   from email.message import EmailMessage

   class ReportMiddleware:
      def process_outcome(self, task, *exc_info):
         msg = EmailMessage()
         msg['Subject'] = 'Daily Report'
         msg['From'] = 'development@test.com'
         msg['To'] = 'client@test.com'

         s = smtplib.SMTP('localhost')
         s.send_message(msg)

>          s.quit()

Reviewer 2: what does the `task` parameter mean?

Reviewer 3: `task` is the task that produced the outcome

And again you don't have the result of the task here. You should either use
database, filesystem or even remote resource. By adding it to

> ``rt_settings`` you are making it active, just like the first example.

Reviewer 3: reference the exact setting
add example (next iteration)
